tiproxy: update traffic replay docs (#20323)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-show-traffic-jobs.md

---
title: SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS
summary: An overview of the usage of SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS for the TiDB database.
---

# SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS

TiDB v9.0.0 introduces the `SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS` syntax, which is used to show all traffic capture or replay jobs executed by TiProxy in the cluster. Each row represents a job of a TiProxy instance. Each TiProxy instance saves at most the 10 most recent jobs.

The shown results vary depending on the privileges the current user has.

- If the user has the [`TRAFFIC_CAPTURE_ADMIN`](/privilege-management.md#dynamic-privileges) privilege, this statement shows traffic capture jobs.
- If the user has the [`TRAFFIC_REPLAY_ADMIN`](/privilege-management.md#dynamic-privileges) privilege, this statement shows traffic replay jobs.

> - If the user has the `SUPER` privilege or both above privileges, this statement shows both traffic capture and traffic replay jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the user has the `SUPER` privilege or both preceding privileges, this statement shows both traffic capture and traffic replay jobs.
```

The `SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS` statement returns the following columns:

| Column name | Description   |
| :-------- | :------------- |
| `START_TIME` | The start time of the job |

> | `END_TIME` | The end time if the job has finished, otherwise it is empty |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `END_TIME` | The end time if the job has finished. Oherwise it is empty. |
```

| `INSTANCE` | The address of the TiProxy instance |
| `TYPE` | The job type. `capture` indicates a traffic capture job, `replay` indicates a traffic replay job |
| `PROGRESS` | The completion percentage of the job |

> | `STATUS` | The current status of the job. `running` means it is running, `done` means it is completed normally, and `canceled` means the job failed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `STATUS` | The current status of the job. `running` means it is running, `done` means it is completed normally, and `canceled` means the job fails. |
```

> | `FAIL_REASON` | If the job fails, this column contains the reason for the failure, otherwise it is empty. For example, `manually stopped` means the user manually canceled the job by executing `CANCEL TRAFFIC JOBS` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `FAIL_REASON` | If the job fails, this column contains the reason for the failure. Otherwise it is empty. For example, `manually stopped` means the user manually canceled the job by executing `CANCEL TRAFFIC JOBS`. |
```

| 2024-12-17 10:54:41.000000 |          | 10.1.0.11:3080 | capture | 45%      | running |             |
+----------------------------+----------+----------------+---------+----------+---------+-------------+
2 rows in set (0.01 sec)
```

The following output example shows that the traffic replay jobs of two TiProxy instances were manually canceled:

```
+----------------------------+----------------------------+----------------+--------+----------+----------+------------------+
| START_TIME                 | END_TIME                   | INSTANCE       | TYPE   | PROGRESS | STATUS   | FAIL_REASON      |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+----------------+--------+----------+----------+------------------+
| 2024-12-17 10:54:41.000000 | 2024-12-17 11:34:42.000000 | 10.1.0.10:3080 | replay | 70%      | canceled | manually stopped |
| 2024-12-17 10:54:41.000000 | 2024-12-17 11:34:43.000000 | 10.1.0.11:3080 | replay | 69%      | canceled | manually stopped |
+----------------------------+----------------------------+----------------+--------+----------+----------+------------------+
2 rows in set (0.01 sec)
```

## MySQL compatibility

> The `SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS` syntax is TiDB-specific and not compatible with MySQL.

Reviewer: 和中文描述不同，请确认下 https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/19548/files#diff-009630d2093236c8d48166158f07a81c71b7560da081c6b6be7f203b88e37b34R69

---
title: SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS
summary: An overview of the usage of SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS for the TiDB database.
---

# SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS

> TiDB v9.0.0 introduces the `SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS` syntax, which is used to show all traffic capture or replay jobs executed by [TiProxy](/tiproxy/tiproxy-overview.md) in the cluster. Each row represents a job of a TiProxy instance. Each TiProxy instance saves at most the 10 most recent jobs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TiDB v9.0.0 introduces the `SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS` syntax, which is used to show all traffic capture or replay jobs executed by [TiProxy](/tiproxy/tiproxy-overview.md) in the cluster. Each row represents a job of a TiProxy instance. Each TiProxy instance stores up to 10 most recent jobs.
```

The shown results vary depending on the privileges the current user has.

> - If the user has the [`TRAFFIC_CAPTURE_ADMIN`](/privilege-management.md#dynamic-privileges) privilege, this statement shows traffic capture jobs.
> - If the user has the [`TRAFFIC_REPLAY_ADMIN`](/privilege-management.md#dynamic-privileges) privilege, this statement shows traffic replay jobs.
> - If the user has the `SUPER` privilege or both preceding privileges, this statement shows both traffic capture and traffic replay jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A user with the [`TRAFFIC_CAPTURE_ADMIN`](/privilege-management.md#dynamic-privileges) privilege can view traffic capture jobs.
- A user with the [`TRAFFIC_REPLAY_ADMIN`](/privilege-management.md#dynamic-privileges) privilege can view traffic replay jobs.
- A user with the `SUPER` privilege or both preceding privileges can view both traffic capture and traffic replay jobs.
```

The `SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS` statement returns the following columns:

| Column name | Description   |
| :-------- | :------------- |
| `START_TIME` | The start time of the job |

> | `END_TIME` | The end time if the job has finished. Otherwise it is empty. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `END_TIME` | The end time if the job has finished. Otherwise, it is empty. |
```

| `INSTANCE` | The address of the TiProxy instance |
| `TYPE` | The job type. `capture` indicates a traffic capture job, `replay` indicates a traffic replay job |
| `PROGRESS` | The completion percentage of the job |

> | `STATUS` | The current status of the job. `running` means it is running, `done` means it is completed normally, and `canceled` means the job fails. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `STATUS` | The current status of the job. `running` indicates in progress, `done` indicates normal completion, and `canceled` indicates job failure. |
```

> | `FAIL_REASON` | If the job fails, this column contains the reason for the failure. Otherwise it is empty. For example, `manually stopped` means the user manually canceled the job by executing `CANCEL TRAFFIC JOBS`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `FAIL_REASON` | If the job fails, this column contains the reason for the failure. Otherwise, it is empty. For example, `manually stopped` means the user manually canceled the job by executing `CANCEL TRAFFIC JOBS`. |
```

| `PARAMS` | The parameters of the job |

## Synopsis

```ebnf+diagram
TrafficStmt ::=
    "SHOW" "TRAFFIC" "JOBS"
```

## Examples

Show the traffic capture or replay jobs:

```sql

> SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS;
```

---
title: SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS
summary: An overview of the usage of SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS for the TiDB database.
---

# SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS

TiDB v9.0.0 introduces the `SHOW TRAFFIC JOBS` syntax, which is used to show all traffic capture or replay jobs executed by TiProxy in the cluster. Each row represents a job of a TiProxy instance. Each TiProxy instance saves at most the 10 most recent jobs.

> 
> This operation requires the following privileges:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
